okay today's first guest is a fellow
early riser like myself as he gets up
most mornings at the crack of dawn
to present his breakfast show on virgin
radio recently he's put pen to paper
though to create the definitive
definitive dissection I'm not easy to
say of what it's like to be a real life
man here to tell us more
please welcome Christian O'Connell
[Applause]
firstly just can I say those are
gorgeous shoes that's the creeping over
how very metrosexual of you to notice
these that never call me metrosexual
okay I'm a man thank you very much cow
that's right a real man yeah I think to
be a man right now I was just listening
to the last but you were talking about I
think men are quite confused you know
you look at all the men's magazines now
the saying that we should be doing this
and I think you know I was quite
reassured hearing that you don't want
men that spend too much time from the
mirror or down the gym you don't like a
guys let himself go and you're right I'm
a member of couple years ago my wife
said to me because doing a breakfast
show it could be careful you can become
like Moyles just saying he's obviously
big-boned and it's nice to like a pie
but not too many pies yeah but then he
beaten all the pies have been no place
for you to be a Portage you know weird
doesn't it when you get up early in the
morning it's not having jet lag all the
time carbohydrates thank you girls I'm
glad you understand thank you for your
understanding today you're gonna hate me
for this the last time we met go busy
show where we love I think I just share
with the girls what the question that
you were gone wrong I mean we I'm happy
talking to so many more legs has a dog
got than a chicken and he went none it
was a prophecy because four weeks later
did you see the news story about a
six-legged little duck that was born no
apology from the BBC this is ridiculous
what would you say then is a different
the main difference between men and
women
[Music]
well III found out that they reckon
there's 78 genetic differences and I
spent a chapter trying to list what all
those 78 are and a lot of people think
if you if you're a man writing about men
in a book you can't have a go at women
that I think men are just as odd if not
a bit older than women to be honest yeah
men are quite complicated you know
people think we've quite simpler men are
they've got the we catch a guy who would
shave off his eyebrows and then ink them
back in incredibly easy to please yes
for a guy who starts in their pants and
it goes no further debate you made a
list of certain genes that women have in
it I mean you mentioned making lists
that's supposed to be in their woman's
genes list making yes this making is a
big thing that my wife does a lot she
will always be working from a list you
know I don't like preparing any kind of
shopping this which is why I'm rarely
allowed to go shopping when I do go I'll
fill the trolley with stuff I'll never
lend up using pancake mix you know
Dorito stuff it was never a menu always
has chat loads of stuff and they can
easily swayed men are very easily
distracted anyway you know hence why men
have affairs you know they could just
get very easy to structure their quite
simple brains this gene that I'll have
one of yours gene what's that well I
think all men can relate to this and
women do this a lot it's nothing more
irritating when basically you go for a
meal with a lady and she will say hungry
you get what you want I just have some
of yours yeah you know you don't know
please just order some of yourself I
just have a salad and then the food
comes they're like the thought comes
over tie back this is mine I've ordered
this for me you track you're
transferring all the calories in gill
about having the big dish you want onto
the guy doesn't count
gene well I think if women are honest
you've got your sexy knickers yeah and
then you got your passion killers yeah
those big things they're like parachutes
yeah that warned you in the week
from the first world war their flame
retardant they will stop an erection at
50 paces no you won't because you want
the fun all the time you're a party
going like a pup fight
or I wish a dino is very boring I
dropped a mirror on it but yeah also you
you say that there you've never ever
ever met a woman that's found farting
funny I'm quite no she's a no is a bloke
no I think she's a real lady oh yeah
yeah I mean I'm getting I'm getting more
girly actually as the week's go on a fun
by thick blue Firefox and Holly watch we
were the first day and I look like a
puff puff go
you'd find that funny thing this is the
one for me cause women then do you try
and hold it in because for some reason
when you first that got it I think there
is a moment in any relationship I think
a man knows when he's in a long-distance
relationship long-term relationship when
it's acceptable to break wind in the bed
normally long-distance relationship I
mean obviously you know we're all pretty
ladylike here but do you think there's
anything that isn't ladylike let's say
like we were talking about going for is
that the kind of thing a lady should do
would you would you be quite impressed
with that if a lady that I'd be
extremely thrilled probably think she
had something wrong with her eyes to be
honest not Simon Cowell's these are
there's some definition there's a
picture here
oh it's it's not actually in the book
words where as or if it's a promo for
the book or something is that your hair
done some roses body is that really what
you
somebody else's body now is that really
you yes I say why are you hoping my wife
is watch this if a little bit jealous
this is it it's the men Commandments I
think it sounds like a fabulous reason
there may well Nick it for Christmas
presents a ghost Christian O'Connor
[Applause]